Oh denmark on in the world cup they
didn't want make them mmm of course at
the end of week four here are the
current standings after the surprising
turn around win by Alliance they remain
in first place with eight wins and two
losses but SK gaming they're still right
behind them with seven wins and three
losses and at the bottom of the table we
have Brock had three wins and 7 losses
and the covering wolves who are now
moved into last place at to winton eight
losses so at the end of week four we
have selected an Opie lineup of players
who really performed well this week in
the top lane for us it was Kevin from
millennium no surprise his fantastic
work from him played a rally on both
Gannicus eagle at 5k da 5k day was just
solid or all around even though it fuses
early on in his laning phase always
managed to go into this team fights here
very strong and always have a very
beginning impact for for millennium in
the jungle well it's another teammate if
is it Scott next yet a 70.5 kill
participation is leasing 31 of 44 kills
played of course Lisa in verses Elise
and leasing this is evidence yeah and
both times you plate leasing he'd
followed kurp around the map here
setting up kills over and over and over
again and if you are caught next for me
is as long as he performs well early on
millennium will always do well no
surprise is either in the mid lane the
man that he did follow around the meadow
it is curve of course 12 point 12 3 and
18 KDA for the week we played twisty
fight in that first game fantastic stuff
and then fish again scale Oh insisted
against twister fade yeah I used to the
fist into the Twisted Fate and just
destroyed him in the laning phase or not
into anal phase over destroyed in the
game itself and as long as he gets a
good early game he will roam around said
kills off our gift kills everywhere we
just saw this week well sandy for
millennium fans it's not gonna be great
on his ad carry because it's reckless
he's the man we went for 15 individual
kills the most this week of course he
played switching both those games
10 110 or something yeah like that I've
series about 50 one I thinking s1 there
despite the fact his team lost again he
was a fantastic performance by the
eighth day he's such a strong twitch
player because he knows when he can roam
he knows when he can set up these
one-on-one gang see and pick up kills
needs to learn when the defendants true
she probably recall but as a team thing
of course alongside him it is his
support yellow star he had a fantastic
performance yesterday 19 assists overall
in that match 20 KDA has Morgana vs sk
gaming and of course Brom today versus
Russian I mean really saw him set up a
lot of the kill for breakfast yesterday
and then today I'm Brown here every time
son I came down for a gank he would go
and get the stunning turn if pick up the
kill for his ad carry of course so
overall just a very strong support
performance and a strong week for the
fanatic do oh lame despite losing one
game well out of those five players we
have to pick ourselves an MVP this week
we've gone with curve the man in the
middle for millennium he had a 14k da as
twisted fate vs chael 8k das face versus
Twisted Fate fantastic stuff 30 ball
he's just a player when he performs he
can carry his entire team and everyone
from millennium knows he's coming back
tomorrow we have two video clips that
show off hips ability to make the place
happen for his team fantastic clips here
check these out you can see the first
one was famous against area yeah he
doesn't even need his old team he's
actually so close to Darren it's very
hard to hit the fist when they spot on
him he doesn't need you missed it but
nevertheless isn't when he came in mr.
Allah's was creating problems for them
throughout the game of course that was
the early killed a patina stuns him out
fantastic performer curb once again and
the best thing about this kill was it
said Mr Ellis so far behind that he was
actually underleveled he didn't even get
his played early on and he seemed also
meant for curb he just kept jumping
towards him over and over killing him
and carrying the entire game everybody's
gonna be happy if they took him out the
fantasy league points because he had a
bad week last week everyone took him out
and this week he shines didn't he do
like 40 points in the last day yeah he's
a stick stuff fantastic stuff so week 4
of the LCS summer split